Demand Paging support for ARM64 (#74129)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/demand_paging/README.rst

Reviewer: move the sample to `samples/subsys/demand_paging`

> .. _hello_world:
> 
> Demand Paging
> #############

Reviewer: this will help with discoverability by showing the sample there: https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/kernel/memory_management/demand_paging.html#api-reference

```suggestion
.. zephyr:code-sample:: demand-paging
   :name: Demand paging
   :relevant-api: mem-demand-paging

   Leverage demand paging to deal with code bigger than available RAM.
```

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates how demand paging can be leveraged to deal with
firmware bigger than the available RAM if XIP is not possible. Select code
can be tagged to be loaded into memory on demand, and also be automatically
evicted for more code to be executed when memory is exhausted.

Requirements
************

> This demo requires the presence of a MMU in hardware that Zephyr supports,

Reviewer: nit/grammar

```suggestion
This demo requires the presence of a supported hardware MMU,
```
